Input check relaxation and change of `pairwise (#147)
JuliaGaussianProcesses/KernelFunctions.jl: docs/src/create_kernel.md

KernelFunctions.jl contains the most popular kernels already but you might want to make your own!

Here are a few ways depending on how complicated your kernel is :

### SimpleKernel for kernels function depending on a metric

If your kernel function is of the form `k(x, y) = f(d(x, y))` where `d(x, y)` is a `PreMetric`,
you can construct your custom kernel by defining `kappa` and `metric` for your kernel.
Here is for example how one can define the `SqExponentialKernel` again :

```julia
struct MyKernel <: KernelFunctions.SimpleKernel end

KernelFunctions.kappa(::MyKernel, d2::Real) = exp(-d2)
KernelFunctions.metric(::MyKernel) = SqEuclidean()
```

### Kernel for more complex kernels

If your kernel does not satisfy such a representation, all you need to do is define `(k::MyKernel)(x, y)` and inherit from `Kernel`.
For example we recreate here the `NeuralNetworkKernel`

```julia
struct MyKernel <: KernelFunctions.Kernel end

(::MyKernel)(x, y) = asin(dot(x, y) / sqrt((1 + sum(abs2, x)) * (1 + sum(abs2, y))))
```

> Note that `BaseKernel` do not use `Distances.jl` and can therefore be a bit slower.

Author: ```suggestion
Note that `Kernel` do not use `Distances.jl` and can therefore be a bit slower.
```

### Additional Options

Finally there are additional functions you can define to bring in more features:
 - Define the trainable parameters of your kernel with `KernelFunctions.trainable(k)` which should return a `Tuple` of your parameters.
This parameters will be then passed to `Flux.params` function
 - `KernelFunctions.iskroncompatible(k)`, if your kernel factorizes in the dimensions. You can declare your kernel as `iskroncompatible(k) = true`

>  - `KernelFunctions.dim`: by default the dimension of the inputs will only be checked for vectors of `AbstractVector{<:Real}`.

Reviewer: It might be good to generalise this to say that you're allowed to add methods to `validate_inputs` if you've got special checks that you want to run for your input types, with `dim` being a nice special case.

>  - You can also directly overload `KernelFunctions.validate_inputs(x::MyDataType, y::MyDataType)` if you want to run special checks for your input types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - `dim` is called within `KernelFunctions.validate_inputs(x::MyDataType, y::MyDataType)`, which can instead be directly overloaded if you want to run special checks for your input types.
```
